I've made it very clear to you.
You still want to kill the Jiang family
You are so hopeless
That is.
A villain like you who only plays tricks behind his back
It's disgusting.
Now you are begging me
That's how you ask for help.
Don't worry.
If you want me to go back to Jiangjiang, it's not impossible
You just need to put Jiangning
Just go out
Your fox tail is finally revealed
It's just that you can't tolerate raccoons
I want to kick him out of the Jiang family
Hello, you eat the family property alone
I have some money for your Jiang family
Not interested at all
I'm just trying to get justice for myself
If you want me to go back to the Jiang family
Only this one condition
I might be able to promise something else.
But this can't be done.
That being the case
Then I have nothing to say.
We are grasshoppers in the same boat
This will be resurrected
We can have a bite to eat
You might even get a mouthful of soup
It will be difficult
You definitely don't want to regret it. You are threatening me.
Let's just say so.
Don't think I don't know
You are challenging our bottom line.
Pretending to get our attention
In the end, you have to go to Jiang Jiang obediently
Accept our alms?
You're tired too
Pack and pack
Why don't you come back with us directly?
If you think so
Then I can't help it.